hello everyone welcome to this video my
name is Sarah and today I will be doing
a PETA tutorial in it in my previous
video I uploaded a video review on Foley
a clean collar nail polishes you watch a
video review and I told you that I was
going to take five polishes from those
for the egg and I was going to make a
tutorial today and for this tutorial I
am going to use this as base coat well I
already have this this base coat on this
is from very long is a multi care base
and top coat these are the polishes that
I try on this wheel and also I will be
using this such a bit as top coat and to
stamp I am going to use a corner special
nail polish tutorial is a bundle monster
plate number a 19
you
in kata one of these polishes you know
is cookies getting on your drive since I
have them for eight months and I haven't
used them I just have here with me this
restored teener from such a bit I think
it that is yeah I got it from Amazon
code first polish I would apply is this
purple which is number 123 in this court
called lovin baby once I painted all of
my nails
this is how they looks like and now I am
going to stamp them this is the plate
that I am going to use is born a monster
19 Here I am applying the nail polish on
on the design I will be using now I just
remove the excess polish from the plate
and I pick up the image with a sponge
and then I stamp it in my nails by
rolling rolling it up
do not worry about the excess polish on
my fingers and nails I will remove it
with a cotton swab this is how my nails
look after thinning the edges to finish
this manicure I just I'm just applying a
topcoat and this is the such a feat
which means fast drive in French I am
done with today's manicure I hope you
liked this video and enjoyed it I think
the design is going to last for the rest
of the week
well everyone thank you very much for
watching if you liked the video hit the
like button leave your comments below
and subscribe for more upcoming videos
and I hope to see you in my next video
have a good day and a happy rest of the
week bhai